Suppose I start here.
I look to the left and it goes down.
I look to the right and it's going up.
So I'll take a step in that direction.
>> And
what do you do when you reach the top?
>> Well we will get stuck, just like
we did with the end queens problem.
There's no immediate step that I can
do that has a positive gradient.
Everything is negative, that's a bummer.
>> Is that a problem,
didn't we want to get to a maximum?
>> We actually wanted to
get to the global maximum.
Looking at the graph,
we can see that there's actually
a taller peak over here.
>> I see, but
our computer agent doesn't know that.
It can only see what's one
step away from it, right?
So how are you going to get unstuck?
>> But what if I just start
again somewhere else?